README.md, before:

#### Moesif AWS Lambda Middleware for Go

[![Built For][ico-built-for]][link-built-for]
[![Software License][ico-license]][link-license]
[![Source Code][ico-source]][link-source]

Go Middleware for AWS Lambda that automatically logs API calls 
and sends to [Moesif](https://www.moesif.com) for API analytics and log analysis. 

Designed for APIs that are hosted on AWS Lambda using Amazon API Gateway or Application Load Balancer
as a trigger.

## How to install

Run the following commands:
`moesif-aws-lambda-go` can be installed like any other Go library through go get:
```shell
go get github.com/moesif/moesif-aws-lambda-go
```

Or, if you are already using Go Modules, specify a version number as well:
```shell
go get github.com/moesif/moesif-aws-lambda-go@v1.0.0
```

## How to use

Add middleware to your Lambda application.


```go
package main

import (
	"github.com/aws/aws-lambda-go/lambda"
	"github.com/aws/aws-lambda-go/events"
    "context"
    "strings"
    "github.com/aws/aws-lambda-go/events"
	moesifawslambda "github.com/moesif/moesif-aws-lambda-go"
)

func MoesifOptions() map[string]interface{} {
	var moesifOptions = map[string]interface{} {
		"Application_Id": "Your Moesif Application Id",
		"Log_Body": true,
	}
	return moesifOptions
}

func HandleLambdaEvent(ctx context.Context, request events.APIGatewayProxyRequest) (events.APIGatewayProxyResponse, error) {
	return events.APIGatewayProxyResponse{
		Body:       request.Body,
		StatusCode: 200,
		Headers: map[string] string {
			"Content-Type":   "application/json",
		},
	   }, nil
}

func main() {
	lambda.Start(moesifawslambda.MoesifLogger(HandleLambdaEvent, MoesifOptions()))
}
```

Your Moesif Application Id can be found in the [_Moesif Portal_](https://www.moesif.com/).
After signing up for a Moesif account, your Moesif Application Id will be displayed during the onboarding steps. 

You can always find your Moesif Application Id at any time by logging 
into the [_Moesif Portal_](https://www.moesif.com/), click on the top right menu,
 and then clicking _Installation_.

## Configuration options

Please note that the [request](https://github.com/aws/aws-lambda-go/blob/master/events/apigw.go#L6) and the [response](https://github.com/aws/aws-lambda-go/blob/master/events/apigw.go#L22) parameters in the configuration options are `aws-lambda-go` APIGatewayProxyRequest and APIGatewayProxyResponse respectively.

#### __`Should_Skip`__
(optional) _(request, response) => boolean_, a function that takes a request and a response,
and returns true if you want to skip this particular event.

#### __`Identify_User`__
(optional, but highly recommended) _(request, response) => string_, a function that takes a request and response, and returns a string that is the user id used by your system. While Moesif tries to identify users automatically, but different frameworks and your implementation might be very different, it would be helpful and much more accurate to provide this function.

#### __`Identify_Company`__
(optional) _(request, response) => string_, a function that takes a request and response, and returns a string that is the company id for this event.

#### __`Get_Metadata`__
(optional) _(request, response) => dictionary_, a function that takes a request and response, and
returns a dictionary (must be able to be encoded into JSON). This allows you
to associate this event with custom metadata. For example, you may want to save a VM instance_id, a trace_id, or a tenant_id with the request.

#### __`Get_Session_Token`__
(optional) _(request, response) => string_, a function that takes a request and response, and returns a string that is the session token for this event. Moesif tries to get the session token automatically, but if this doesn't work for your service, you should use this to identify sessions.

#### __`Mask_Event_Model`__
(optional) _(EventModel) => EventModel_, a function that takes an EventModel and returns an EventModel with desired data removed. The return value must be a valid EventModel required by Moesif data ingestion API. For details regarding EventModel please see the [Moesif Golang API Documentation](https://www.moesif.com/docs/api?go).

#### __`Debug`__
(optional) _boolean_, a flag to see debugging messages.

#### __`Log_Body`__
(optional) _boolean_, Default true. Set to false to remove logging request and response body to Moesif.

## Examples

- [A complete example is available on GitHub](https://github.com/Moesif/moesif-aws-lambda-go-example).

## Other integrations

To view more documentation on integration options, please visit __[the Integration Options Documentation](https://www.moesif.com/docs/getting-started/integration-options/).__

[ico-built-for]: https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20for-aws%20lambda-blue.svg
[ico-license]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-green.svg
[ico-source]: https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/moesif/moesif-aws-lambda-go.svg?style=social

[link-built-for]: https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/
[link-license]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Moesif/moesif-aws-lambda-go/master/LICENSE
[link-source]: https://github.com/moesif/moesif-aws-lambda-go

Commit message:

Add: Support to capture outgoing requests
Add: Support to capture outgoing requests
Add: Direction and weight field
Refactor: Fetch default User Id
Refactor: Update README.md

README.md, after:

# Moesif AWS Lambda Middleware for Go

[![Built For][ico-built-for]][link-built-for]
[![Software License][ico-license]][link-license]
[![Source Code][ico-source]][link-source]

Go Middleware for AWS Lambda that automatically logs API calls 
and sends to [Moesif](https://www.moesif.com) for API analytics and log analysis. 

Designed for APIs that are hosted on AWS Lambda using Amazon API Gateway or Application Load Balancer
as a trigger.

## How to install

Run the following commands:
`moesif-aws-lambda-go` can be installed like any other Go library through go get:
```shell
go get github.com/moesif/moesif-aws-lambda-go
```

Or, if you are already using Go Modules, specify a version number as well:
```shell
go get github.com/moesif/moesif-aws-lambda-go@v1.0.0
```

## How to use

Add middleware to your Lambda application.


```go
package main

import (
	"github.com/aws/aws-lambda-go/lambda"
	"github.com/aws/aws-lambda-go/events"
    "context"
    "strings"
    "github.com/aws/aws-lambda-go/events"
	moesifawslambda "github.com/moesif/moesif-aws-lambda-go"
)

func MoesifOptions() map[string]interface{} {
	var moesifOptions = map[string]interface{} {
		"Application_Id": "Your Moesif Application Id",
		"Log_Body": true,
	}
	return moesifOptions
}

func HandleLambdaEvent(ctx context.Context, request events.APIGatewayProxyRequest) (events.APIGatewayProxyResponse, error) {
	return events.APIGatewayProxyResponse{
		Body:       request.Body,
		StatusCode: 200,
		Headers: map[string] string {
			"Content-Type":   "application/json",
		},
	   }, nil
}

func main() {
	lambda.Start(moesifawslambda.MoesifLogger(HandleLambdaEvent, MoesifOptions()))
}
```

Your Moesif Application Id can be found in the [_Moesif Portal_](https://www.moesif.com/).
After signing up for a Moesif account, your Moesif Application Id will be displayed during the onboarding steps. 

You can always find your Moesif Application Id at any time by logging 
into the [_Moesif Portal_](https://www.moesif.com/), click on the top right menu,
 and then clicking _Installation_.

## Configuration options

Please note that the [request](https://github.com/aws/aws-lambda-go/blob/master/events/apigw.go#L6) and the [response](https://github.com/aws/aws-lambda-go/blob/master/events/apigw.go#L22) parameters in the configuration options are `aws-lambda-go` APIGatewayProxyRequest and APIGatewayProxyResponse respectively.

#### __`Should_Skip`__
(optional) _(request, response) => boolean_, a function that takes a request and a response,
and returns true if you want to skip this particular event.

#### __`Identify_User`__
(optional, but highly recommended) _(request, response) => string_, a function that takes a request and response, and returns a string that is the user id used by your system. While Moesif tries to identify users automatically, but different frameworks and your implementation might be very different, it would be helpful and much more accurate to provide this function.

#### __`Identify_Company`__
(optional) _(request, response) => string_, a function that takes a request and response, and returns a string that is the company id for this event.

#### __`Get_Metadata`__
(optional) _(request, response) => dictionary_, a function that takes a request and response, and
returns a dictionary (must be able to be encoded into JSON). This allows you
to associate this event with custom metadata. For example, you may want to save a VM instance_id, a trace_id, or a tenant_id with the request.

#### __`Get_Session_Token`__
(optional) _(request, response) => string_, a function that takes a request and response, and returns a string that is the session token for this event. Moesif tries to get the session token automatically, but if this doesn't work for your service, you should use this to identify sessions.

#### __`Mask_Event_Model`__
(optional) _(EventModel) => EventModel_, a function that takes an EventModel and returns an EventModel with desired data removed. The return value must be a valid EventModel required by Moesif data ingestion API. For details regarding EventModel please see the [Moesif Golang API Documentation](https://www.moesif.com/docs/api?go).

#### __`Debug`__
(optional) _boolean_, a flag to see debugging messages.

#### __`Log_Body`__
(optional) _boolean_, Default true. Set to false to remove logging request and response body to Moesif.

#### __`Capture_Outoing_Requests`__
(optional) _boolean_, Default False. Set to True to capture all outgoing API calls from your app to third parties like Stripe or to your own dependencies while using [net/http](https://golang.org/pkg/net/http/) package. The options below is applied to outgoing API calls.
When the request is outgoing, for options functions that take request and response as input arguments, the request and response objects passed in are [Request](https://golang.org/src/net/http/request.go) request and [Response](https://golang.org/src/net/http/response.go) response objects.

##### __`Should_Skip_Outgoing`__
(optional) _(request, response) => boolean_, a function that takes a request and response, and returns true if you want to skip this particular event.

##### __`Identify_User_Outgoing`__
(optional, but highly recommended) _(request, response) => string_, a function that takes request and response, and returns a string that is the user id used by your system. While Moesif tries to identify users automatically,
but different frameworks and your implementation might be very different, it would be helpful and much more accurate to provide this function.

##### __`Identify_Company_Outgoing`__
(optional) _(request, response) => string_, a function that takes request and response, and returns a string that is the company id for this event.

##### __`Get_Metadata_Outgoing`__
(optional) _(request, response) => dictionary_, a function that takes request and response, and
returns a dictionary (must be able to be encoded into JSON). This allows
to associate this event with custom metadata. For example, you may want to save a VM instance_id, a trace_id, or a tenant_id with the request.

##### __`Get_Session_Token_Outgoing`__
(optional) _(request, response) => string_, a function that takes request and response, and returns a string that is the session token for this event. Again, Moesif tries to get the session token automatically, but if you setup is very different from standard, this function will be very help for tying events together, and help you replay the events.

##### __`Mask_Event_Model_Outgoing`__
(optional) _(EventModel) => EventModel_, a function that takes an EventModel and returns an EventModel with desired data removed. The return value must be a valid EventModel required by Moesif data ingestion API. For details regarding EventModel please see the [Moesif Golang API Documentation](https://www.moesif.com/docs/api?go).

##### __`Log_Body_Outgoing`__
(optional) _boolean_, Default true. Set to false to remove logging request and response body to Moesif.

## Examples

- [A complete example is available on GitHub](https://github.com/Moesif/moesif-aws-lambda-go-example).

## Other integrations

To view more documentation on integration options, please visit __[the Integration Options Documentation](https://www.moesif.com/docs/getting-started/integration-options/).__

[ico-built-for]: https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20for-aws%20lambda-blue.svg
[ico-license]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-green.svg
[ico-source]: https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/moesif/moesif-aws-lambda-go.svg?style=social

[link-built-for]: https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/
[link-license]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Moesif/moesif-aws-lambda-go/master/LICENSE
[link-source]: https://github.com/moesif/moesif-aws-lambda-go
